Add usage examples (#219)
Quansight-Labs/free-threaded-compatibility: docs/examples/asyncio.md

        print("Using multithreading for fetching stories...")
        workers: int = 8  # no of CPU cores to use
        with ThreadPoolExecutor(max_workers=workers) as executor:
            for _ in range(workers):
                executor.submit(lambda: asyncio.run(worker(queue, all_stories)))
    else:
        print("Using single thread for fetching stories...")
        asyncio.run(worker(queue, all_stories))
    end_time = perf_counter()
    print(
        f"Scraping speed: {len(all_stories) / (end_time - start_time):.0f} stories/sec"
    )

if __name__ == "__main__":
    parser = ArgumentParser(description="Scrape Hacker News stories and comments.")
    parser.add_argument(
        "--multithreaded",
        action="store_true",
        default=False,
        help="Use multithreading for fetching stories.",
    )
    args = parser.parse_args()
    main(args.multithreaded)
```

To the program with single thread, run:

```bash
python scraper.py
```

To run the program with multiple threads, use the `--multithreaded` flag:

```bash
python scraper.py --multithreaded
```

To run the program with free-threaded Python:

```bash
python -X gil=0 scraper.py --multithreaded
```

> Performance results on 12 core CPU:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example results and explanation

Compare the performance results of each script run
using a 12-core CPU:
```

| Configuration                      | Stories/sec |
| ---------------------------------- | ----------- |
| default build, single thread       | 12          |
| default build, multithreaded       | 35          |
| free-threaded build, multithreaded | 80          |

> The default build performs better with multiple threads than better than single-threaded, because Python

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default build performs better with multiple threads than with a single thread, because Python
```

> releases the GIL during I/O operations, allowing other threads to run while waiting for network responses. This leads to some parallelism, but it is limited by the GIL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
releases the GIL during I/O operations. This allows other threads to run while a thread is waiting for network responses. This leads to some parallelism, but it is limited by the Global Interpreter Lock (GIL).
```

> The free-threaded build, however, allows for true parallelism across multiple cores, significantly increasing the scraping speed. This demonstrates how free-threaded Python can be used to efficiently scrape large amounts of data from the web by leveraging multiple cores.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The free-threaded build enables true parallelism across multiple cores, significantly increasing scraping speed. This example demonstrates how free-threaded Python can be used to efficiently scrape large amounts of data from the web by leveraging multiple CPU cores.
```
